---
layout: post
title: "The barrels of Kentucky"
author: "Azorfus"
categories: literature
---

Vast farm lands filled with grains to be harvested in terms of weeks. The old factory has been shut down. We built a new behemoth of a factory down south of the farm, which employs almost twice as many workers now, and produces almost twice as much spirit as the old factory. It doesn’t feel the same anymore. The sun shines, but there’s no life, there’s business, but there’s no soul around anymore. None familiar at least. I had a bit too much to drink last night. I‘ve been having a bit too much to drink every night for the past week. I counter the effects of a hangover with coffee in the morning and start my new usual routine of drinking in the evening. 
It's a rather sunny Saturday morning today, and it feels a little too late to be in bed. I’ve been like this for two hours now—groggy eyes and an aching body. I can’t seem to get up. Woolly snuggles into me on the bed; he seems to be resting fine, even with the sun blasting his white fur with heat. It’s been two weeks since father’s passing. I miss hearing the tractors running wild early in the morning, the smell of roasted coffee, and fresh cream. Dad was always on his feet, shuffling between his hobbies and the estate. We couldn’t keep up with his energy a lot of the time. I was the lazy, laid-back son. I took liberties riding around the fields on our horses. Would skip school a lot of the days and get in trouble. Refused to go to university. I’ve grown up on this farm pretty much all my life. Sister loved her studying. She graduated from school with distinction and did her bachelor's in literature in France. She works as a literature professor in Kansas now. Says that home is too suffocating for her. She hadn’t visited for a long time up until Dad’s funeral. She was crying the entire time, her nose and cheek red from all the crying. I couldn’t shed a tear, I felt sad, I felt lost. I felt more lost and overwhelmed than sad that day. No one expected for him to pass, It was 

The whiskey business runs in our ancestry. Great-grandad had acquired the land from the Homestead Act and went on to extend the borders of his farm by buying up surrounding land from his neighbors. 
